what's going on guys my name is Kyle aka
the riding wolf and today I got a quick
video for you on how I clean my Asus
with PG 272 aka this Swift
the reason I'm making this video guys is
simply because I keep getting people
messaging me how do I actually clean the
screen on the Asus Swift because could
because it's a TM panel the screen aint
glasses some kind of layers of plastic
as you guys probably see of a TN panels
and I kind of confirm the Swift is
definitely got some very thin layer
plastic sheet on the actual panel now I
know this from firsthand guys because
when my actual monitor was forty what
you might have watched in previous
videos actually took the month apart
because Lisa has told me to I pull it
downstairs next to the radiator and my
lovely girlfriend partner decide to turn
the heating on and it pretty much
married it and actually sent it back
still so hopefully asus don't actually
yeah
safely about that but anyway what do I
use to clean the screen so why use guys
is some Chemical Guys
glass breaks now this stuff is of course
meant for glass and obviously of course
a car product but I love this
this stuff is absolutely amazing
it's got anti smear stuff in it and it
vibrates and drives by itself and this
works on pretty much anything plastic
glass stuff that it's really good so why
did dies was actually dilute it as you
can see I'm victory a scam guys but I
think it did fall to one or maybe
three-to-one diluted cause if it cuts
gas works to make sure I know ways and
pretty much gets a nice soft make sure
you get a soft microfiber towels don't
scratch the screen guys remembers
panelists 600 700 pounds still pretty
wants to spray a little bit on this into
the towel and wipe over its let's take a
look so as you can see guys I pretty
much got a small amount of product on
the microfiber towel and what I'm gonna
do it lightly wounded towel across the
screen to the left to right and left to
right what I'm doing here I'm trying to
minimize
putting scratches in the screen do not
actually do in circles because this will
scratch the panel just like on a car and
pretty much once you have the whole
surface a of this panel covered you grab
your clean microfiber towel it should be
dry and you repeat the same steps go
over left to right left
- right covered in the whole service
area I'm trying to get off all the
product on the screen and eventually
you'll start to see the actual product
starting to disappear and evaporator as
you can clearly see the Swedish MacLean
fingerprint free and of course scraps
free and that's pretty much it
so that's pretty much it guys if you get
a nice product like Chemical Guys Glass
Works something what obviously don't
smear in dry fast so nice soft teasing
microfiber towels swipe over very gently
buff off and you all good scratch free
fingerprint free and you all good
sayo guys hope you liked this video
please comment share like I look like
guys think about this video of course I
catch my next video